Th-This...
This is Vearn Palace?
And it was buried
underneath the Field of Death
this whole time?
Popp: Hey, guys!
Oww...
So, where are we?
A big floating palace thing...
or more like a gigantic bird!
And we're
standing on its wing.
I've never seen
anything like it before.
No way...
I really don't think
a human being could
make anything like this.
How can something
this big be airborne?
It's energized by the
Dark King's Magic Power.
The entire palace
must be enchanted.
Crocodine: It's made of
some kind of material
that's neither rock nor metal.
It has to be attuned to
Vearn's frequency, somehow,
that's what's giving
it the ability to fly.
The whole place
is made out of it.
Well, what now?
Do we escape with
a Zoom spell?
Come on!
You think we're
going to just
leave Dai and his
father behind?!
Fine. You're right!
Just put me down.
Hyunckel: I hope
they survived.
That explosion
must have happened
during their fight
against Hadlar.
Nothing else would explain
that kind of blast.
King Vearn was forced.
He would not have revealed
this thing, otherwise-
not with all of us here.
Let's find Dai and Baran!
Maam: If this really
is Vearn Palace,
the entrance they used
must be somewhere nearby.
This place is gigantic...
we should probably
stick together.
Hey, Popp - you saw the whole
thing from above, right?
There must be
something you recognize.
N-No... I don't think I saw...
Anything quite like that...
Everyone!
Take a look.
The explosion must've
happened over there.
All the way at the
head of the bird, huh?
And I see a staircase, too.
Hyunckel: That must be
the palace entrance-
the Dark Citadel Gate.
Then Popp, can your Zoom
spell get all of us over there?
Sure! You know it, Big Guy.
I mean, I haven't been there
before but I can see it, right?
Get in real close, everybody.
Here goes.
Hyunckel: This must be it.
Must be. Now we know that
Dai and Baran are in there.
Let's go!
[gasps]
[fearful trembling]
Heyedra: The survivors
have reached
the palace entrance, sire.
Killvearn: An attempt
to rescue the boy...
What shall we do, King Vearn?
A simple welcome would
hardly suffice, yes?
After all, the Disciples
are guests of honor
in my grand palace.
[concerned chirps]
Hey... Gomechan.
You're hurt pretty badly, Dai.
Try not to move so much.
Dai: Hyunckel...
You're all okay.
That's good.
Baran must've somehow managed
to contain the blast...
Where is he?
What's wrong, you guys?
Did... Did something
happen to...
[gasp]
Dai: How...
How did that happen to him?!
Dai, he...
Well, take a closer
look at all the rubble.
I can't be totally certain
of what happened here,
but I'm confident of one thing.
Baran must have used
all of his Draconic Aura
to shield you from
that massive explosion.
And, now...
[worried breaths]
Dai: Hold on... Just hold on!
Maam! Cast Midheal on him!
Maam, please!
I can't, Dai.
Heal-type spells, they...
they only work on creatures with
life energy still in them...
Your father, he...
Dai: What are
you talking about?
That... That's not possible!
Just cast a Midheal on him!
Baran: That's enough, Dai.
I-Is that you... my son?
I can't... see anymore.
I'm right here.
Tell me - what can I do?
Your friends...
Are they... all safe?
Yeah. They are.
They're all here, too.
You saved everyone.
I see.
That's good to hear.
But Dai, listen... there's
nothing that can be done...
I am too far... beyond help.
[disbelieving gasp]
Baran: At the moment
of detonation...
[roaring]
Baran: I used Doruora and
unleashed all of
my Draconic Aura
to suppress the scale
of the Black Core's blast.
But now I have nothing left.
There isn't a shred of life
energy still in my body.
No healing spell can save me.
You're wrong.
A-A real Dragon Knight...
the true Dragon Knight
is unstoppable.
So no matter what,
you won't die!
You - You can't die!
Baran: It's all right.
You see, I am not the true
Dragon Knight after all.
While I... I had some of the
power... I lacked the heart.
You have that which I did not.
That monster who raised you...
he had a far purer heart...
than I ever did.
You don't need to
weep over losing me.
I know that to you,
he's your real father.
No. You're wrong.
He's my grandfather.
It's not... it's just
not the same thing.
Speak up.
I can barely hear
your voice anymore.
Crocodine: Dai...
This is your last chance.
Call out to your father
with all of your strength.
[crying]
Don't weep... my son...
You be strong...
Be strong... and live.
Dad... Dad, no!
Baran: Do not weep, Dai.
Although my body may perish,
my soul lives on.
I will always be by your side
- in the battle ahead.
But, Dad, I...
Baran: We shall always be
together, never to part again.
So don't give up.
Fight on, my son.
And defeat the
Dark King Vearn.
[weeping]
Now get on your feet.
Stand up, my boy.
Dad, wait!
You're gonna be all right,
Dai. We're all here with you.
Dai [thought]: Dad...
I just felt Dad's
heart enter mine.
I finally know... all the
things he never said...
everything he felt...
I heard it all.
[comforting chirp]
Hey, pal... We should
head back to the base.
I'm sorry.
I know that nothing we
say will ease your loss.
But we're in enemy territory.
You know as well as I do
that we can't stop here.
Whoa, wait - what
are you saying?
Do you really think now's
the time to go charging
off after the Dark King?
Are you serious?!
Show a bit of humanity, here!
I mean, c'mon-
the poor guy just lost his
father right before his eyes...
What can he do in this state?
We need to retreat and
come up with a plan!
You guys? Listen to me!
Hyunckel: Popp...
Losing someone like that can
cut deeper than any sword will.
I know that much for myself.
But consider why Baran
might have done this,
not just the fact
that he's gone.
He sacrificed himself
to make a path for us.
With Hadlar and his Royal
Guard out of the way-
getting to the Dark King's
throne should be easy. Right?
But, if we give them time,
their forces will only regroup.
We have to seize the opportunity
that Baran gave to us, Popp!
Yeah, but still...
If we retreat now, then all of
this will have been for nothing.
There are people out there
that are counting
on us to keep fighting.
I know that Dai's
father would.
Okay, maybe so, it's just...
Dai: Popp.
Dai: Don't worry
about me. I'm fine.
They're right. Let's go.
Hang on - are you
sure about this?
That means you'd be
leaving your father behind.
Dai: It doesn't.
My dad is...
He's right here.
Aw, Dai...
He told me to stop crying -
and to finish this fight.
So we have to move forward.
Otherwise, he'll
yell at me again.
[crying]
All right. You win
this one, Dai.
If you want to fight, then I'm
gonna be right by your side.
So, then - let's finish
this and go home.
Let's go kick that Dark
King's butt, alright?
Yeah!
Killvearn: [menacing chuckle]
Killvearn: I think you've got
that backwards, little Mage.
Killvearn: [laughing]
Both: It's Killvearn!
Both: And Mystvearn, too.
Killvearn: I have a suggestion.
Why don't you try repeating
all that... to his face?
W-What?!
Mystvearn: All hail!
Mystvearn: Vearn, the Dark King,
shall grant an audience.
[gasp]
So, you... So you are...
Indeed, child. I am
the great Dark King Vearn.
[chuckle]
Are you kidding me?
That old geezer's
the Dark King, huh?
What a letdown...
But on the bright side
we can go home early.
Yeah - this shouldn't be
too hard. Right, you guys?
[uneasy laughing]
Popp [thought]:
Oh, come on.
Will somebody say
something here?
Now things are even more
uncomfortable than before!
Killvearn: Well, Popp.
It looks like
everyone else is
a little quicker in
realizing that King Vearn
is far more than
meets the eye.
I expect it's
quite a shock to you
former members of
the Dark Army.
While you may not have ever
interacted with him directly,
I know you still recognize
the overwhelming pressure
of our Dark King's
venerable presence.
His calm demeanor must feel
truly... unsettling, for you.
Oh, yeah? And what makes
you think you're right-
you bargain-bin bad guy?!
Killvearn: It's obvious.
It's the same
expression Hadlar had
when he first laid
eyes upon King Vearn;
utter terror.
Vearn: Killvearn...
You don't need to scare them.
Why do you think I went to the
trouble of revealing myself?
Killvearn: Sorry, sir.
Woo-wee. You made him mad.
Well, you've all
made it this far.
My congratulations.
Vearn: I was certain that by
now you would be defeated.
With Hadlar and
his Royal Guard,
our victory seemed
inevitable, to be honest.
And if he had failed, the Black
Core should have done the trick.
Vearn Palace was supposed
to take to the skies,
but only when
all of our enemies
had been eliminated for good.
Even with Baran helping
you in his final moments,
the fact that you,
the Disciples of Avan,
are standing here is
nothing short of a miracle.
Alright. So what if it is?!
Well, you've earned a reward.
Would you not agree?
A token of some sort,
to commend you for your
miraculous deeds, no?
Reward?
See, I have thought it over.
"What gift could they possible
desire? Now, at the end?"
Nothing - only
my complete demise.
And, yet...
Mystvearn and Killvearn here
are both easily as
strong as Hadlar was,
if not even stronger.
You may find it difficult
to claim your prize
in combat against
the three of us - if that
were to be the case.
Vearn: But I shall
grant you that chance.
These two will not intervene.
You have an opportunity
to defeat me at last.
That is your reward.
Vearn: Exciting, isn't it?
To act without the aid
of my two greatest warriors
is something I haven't done had
the chance to do in centuries.
Popp [thought]: No way...
It has to be
some kind of trick...
He's acting like
he's invincible-
but that's impossible, isn't it?
He's gonna regret this!
Shall we, then?
Surely you won't refuse me?
Well, of course not.
Even if you had
Mystvearn and the Reaper-
we're not gonna back down.
We've come this far and won
every battle along the way.
Vearn: Very well.
Then let us begin.
Narrator: The battle against
the Dark King begins at last,
and even alone, Vearn fights
with a smile on his face.
Overwhelmed by his
Dark Aura and Magic Power,
the Disciples of Avan
are driven back,
but not before Vearn
unleashes his fearsome magic.
Will Dai and his
friends prevail?
Find out on
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"The God of The Underworld".